documentation/configuration/index.mdx, before:

# Configuration File

If **Jitsu Server** is deployed in a standalone mode, it should be configured via single YAML file
(read more about deployment options [here](/docs/deployment/)). We follow
[convention over configuration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Convention_over_configuration) so the majority of
parameters are optional. To get a base file, clone it from
[GitHub](https://github.com/jitsucom/jitsu/blob/master/server/appconfig/config.template.yaml).
**Jitsu Server** can be used either with [Redis](https://redis.io/) or not. Redis version 5 and higher is supported.
Storage is required for some features (but if youwould like to work without them, then Redis configuration can be omitted):

- Last events caching (see [Events Cache](/docs/other-features/events-cache))
- Sources synchronization (see [Sources Configuration](/docs/sources-configuration/))
- [Retroactive Users Recognition](/docs/other-features/retroactive-user-recognition)
- [Coordination](/docs/other-features/scaling-eventnative).

Our config file consists of the following sections:

* `server` — General configuration parameters such as port, application logs configuration, singer bridge configuration, etc.
* `geo` — Geo resolution data (extracting city/state information from the IP address). We currently only support [MaxMind](https://www.maxmind.com/en/home) as a data provider. see [Geo Data resolution](/docs/other-features/geo-data-resolution)
* `log` — Jitsu writes all events locally and sends them to their destinations (in batch mode). This is where you configure your local temporary path and push frequency.
* `sql_debug_log` — All SQL statements such as DDL and DML expressions can be stored in separated log files or in stdout. see [SQL Query Logs](/docs/configuration/sql-query-logs)
* `api_keys` — A set of API Keys objects that identify incoming events JSONs and mapping between destinations is done based on them. see [Authorization](/docs/configuration/authorization) page
* `destinations` — A set of targets where the final version of events will be stored. see [Destinations Configuration](/docs/destinations-configuration)
* `sources` — A set of data sources to synchronize from. see [Sources Configuration](/docs/sources-configuration)
* `users_recognition` — Jitsu can update past events with user identifiers on user's identification event! see [Retroactive Users Recognition](/docs/other-features/retroactive-user-recognition)
* `coordination` — coordination service configuration. It is used in cluster Jitsu deployments. see [Scaling Jitsu](/docs/other-features/scaling-eventnative)
* `notifications` — notifier configuration. Server starts, system errors, synchronization statuses, and panics information will be sent to it. Currently, only Slack notifications are supported.
* `meta.storage` - meta storage is the main application storage and it is required for some features. At present Jitsu supports only Redis version 5 and higher.
* `ui.base_url` – base Configurator UI URL for generating links in notifications
* `node` – node.js process pool size and max heap space in megabytes per process (`node` is used to execute JavaScript transformations and plugins).

**Example**:

```yaml
server:
  name: instance1.domain.com
  port: 8081
  public_url: https://instances.domain.com
  log:
    path: /home/eventnative/data/logs/
  metrics.prometheus.enabled: true

geo.maxmind_path: /home/eventnative/data/config

log:
  path: /home/eventnative/data/logs/events
  rotation_min: 5

sql_debug_log:
  ddl:
  queries:

api_keys:
  - id: my_website_key
    client_secret: '193b6281-f211-47a9-b384-102cf4cd2d55'
    server_secret: 'a6880b16-73d0-476e-840a-804b74f7684d'

destinations:
  redshift:
  bigquery:

sources:
  facebook:
  google_analytics:

users_recognition:
  enabled: true

coordination:
  type: redis

notifications:
  slack:
    url: https://slack_web_hook_url

ui:
  base_url: https://your_configurator_ui_host:5555

meta:
  storage:
    redis:
      host: redis_host
      port: 6379
      password: secret_password

node:
  pool_size: 1 # default
  max_space: 100 # default

```

<Hint>
    You can set {'${env.OS_ENV_VAR_NAME}'} to any configuration parameter in YAML file. Jitsu will get the value from OS ENV (with name OS_ENV_VAR_NAME from the example).
</Hint>

### Server

All fields from the **server** section are optional:

| Field | Type | Description | Default value |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **name** | string | Unique instance name. It is used in cluster deployments. | **unnamed-server** |
| **port** | int | TCP port for the server to listen on. | `8001` |
| **public\_url** | string | Service public URL. It is used on the [welcome HTML page](/docs/sending-data/javascript-reference/#quickstart). Required in [Heroku deployment](/docs/deployment/deploy-on-heroku). | Will be got from `Host` request header |
| **log.path** | string | Path to application logs. If not set,  app logs will be in stdout. | - |
| **log.rotation\_min** | int | Log files rotation minutes. If **log.path** is configured. | - |
| **api\_keys\_reload\_sec** | int | If an URL is set in **api_keys** section, authorization will be reloaded every **api\_keys\_reload\_sec** seconds. see [Authorization](/docs/configuration/authorization#http-url) page. | `1` |
| **destinations\_reload\_sec** | int | If an URL is set in **destinations** section, destinations will be reloaded every **destinations\_reload\_sec** seconds. see [Destinations](/docs/configuration/destinations-configuration). | `1` |
| **sources\_reload\_sec** | int | If an URL is set in **sources** section, sources will be reloaded every **sources\_reload\_sec** seconds. see [Sources](/docs/sources-configuration). | `1` |
| **admin\_token** | string | see [Admin Endpoints](/docs/other-features/admin-endpoints) page. | - |
| **metrics.prometheus.enabled** | boolean | see [Application Metrics](/docs/other-features/application-metrics) page. | `false` |
| **telemetry.disabled.usage** | boolean | Flag for disabling telemetry. **Jitsu** collects usage metrics about how you use it and how it is working. **We don't collect any customer data**. | `false` |
| **metrics.relay.disabled** | boolean | Disables extended telemetry metrics collection. | `false` |
| **metrics.relay.deployment_id** | string | Allows to provide deployment ID for extended telemetry collection. | Cluster ID |
| **disable\_version\_reminder** | boolean | Flag for disabling log reminder banner about new **Jitsu** versions availability. | `false` |
| **sync_tasks.store_logs.last_runs** | int | Logs for how many task runs must be kept in meta storage. Controlled on Source's collection level. When number of task runs for Source collection exceed provided value – old records get removed from meta storage. | `-1` unlimited number of logs |

### Log

**Jitsu Server** supports destinations in streaming and batch modes. In the case of batch mode, all events are stored in JSON log files locally to **path** directory, and every **rotation\_min** minutes they are processed and pushed to destinations.
All fields from **log** section are optional:

| Field | Type | Description | Default value |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **path** | string | Events log files path. | `/home/eventnative/data/logs/events` |
| **rotation\_min** | int | Log files rotation minutes. | `5` |
| **show\_in\_server** | boolean | Flag for debugging. If true - all events JSON data is written in app logs. | `false` |

Commit message:

make event http context enrichment optional

documentation/configuration/index.mdx, after:

# Configuration File

If **Jitsu Server** is deployed in a standalone mode, it should be configured via single YAML file
(read more about deployment options [here](/docs/deployment/)). We follow
[convention over configuration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Convention_over_configuration) so the majority of
parameters are optional. To get a base file, clone it from
[GitHub](https://github.com/jitsucom/jitsu/blob/master/server/appconfig/config.template.yaml).
**Jitsu Server** can be used either with [Redis](https://redis.io/) or not. Redis version 5 and higher is supported.
Storage is required for some features (but if youwould like to work without them, then Redis configuration can be omitted):

- Last events caching (see [Events Cache](/docs/other-features/events-cache))
- Sources synchronization (see [Sources Configuration](/docs/sources-configuration/))
- [Retroactive Users Recognition](/docs/other-features/retroactive-user-recognition)
- [Coordination](/docs/other-features/scaling-eventnative).

Our config file consists of the following sections:

* `server` — General configuration parameters such as port, application logs configuration, singer bridge configuration, etc.
* `geo` — Geo resolution data (extracting city/state information from the IP address). We currently only support [MaxMind](https://www.maxmind.com/en/home) as a data provider. see [Geo Data resolution](/docs/other-features/geo-data-resolution)
* `log` — Jitsu writes all events locally and sends them to their destinations (in batch mode). This is where you configure your local temporary path and push frequency.
* `sql_debug_log` — All SQL statements such as DDL and DML expressions can be stored in separated log files or in stdout. see [SQL Query Logs](/docs/configuration/sql-query-logs)
* `api_keys` — A set of API Keys objects that identify incoming events JSONs and mapping between destinations is done based on them. see [Authorization](/docs/configuration/authorization) page
* `destinations` — A set of targets where the final version of events will be stored. see [Destinations Configuration](/docs/destinations-configuration)
* `sources` — A set of data sources to synchronize from. see [Sources Configuration](/docs/sources-configuration)
* `users_recognition` — Jitsu can update past events with user identifiers on user's identification event! see [Retroactive Users Recognition](/docs/other-features/retroactive-user-recognition)
* `coordination` — coordination service configuration. It is used in cluster Jitsu deployments. see [Scaling Jitsu](/docs/other-features/scaling-eventnative)
* `notifications` — notifier configuration. Server starts, system errors, synchronization statuses, and panics information will be sent to it. Currently, only Slack notifications are supported.
* `meta.storage` - meta storage is the main application storage and it is required for some features. At present Jitsu supports only Redis version 5 and higher.
* `ui.base_url` – base Configurator UI URL for generating links in notifications
* `node` – node.js process pool size and max heap space in megabytes per process (`node` is used to execute JavaScript transformations and plugins).

**Example**:

```yaml
server:
  name: instance1.domain.com
  port: 8081
  public_url: https://instances.domain.com
  log:
    path: /home/eventnative/data/logs/
  metrics.prometheus.enabled: true

geo.maxmind_path: /home/eventnative/data/config

log:
  path: /home/eventnative/data/logs/events
  rotation_min: 5

sql_debug_log:
  ddl:
  queries:

api_keys:
  - id: my_website_key
    client_secret: '193b6281-f211-47a9-b384-102cf4cd2d55'
    server_secret: 'a6880b16-73d0-476e-840a-804b74f7684d'

destinations:
  redshift:
  bigquery:

sources:
  facebook:
  google_analytics:

users_recognition:
  enabled: true

coordination:
  type: redis

notifications:
  slack:
    url: https://slack_web_hook_url

ui:
  base_url: https://your_configurator_ui_host:5555

meta:
  storage:
    redis:
      host: redis_host
      port: 6379
      password: secret_password

node:
  pool_size: 1 # default
  max_space: 100 # default

```

<Hint>
    You can set {'${env.OS_ENV_VAR_NAME}'} to any configuration parameter in YAML file. Jitsu will get the value from OS ENV (with name OS_ENV_VAR_NAME from the example).
</Hint>

### Server

All fields from the **server** section are optional:

| Field | Type | Description | Default value |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **name** | string | Unique instance name. It is used in cluster deployments. | **unnamed-server** |
| **port** | int | TCP port for the server to listen on. | `8001` |
| **public\_url** | string | Service public URL. It is used on the [welcome HTML page](/docs/sending-data/javascript-reference/#quickstart). Required in [Heroku deployment](/docs/deployment/deploy-on-heroku). | Will be got from `Host` request header |
| **log.path** | string | Path to application logs. If not set,  app logs will be in stdout. | - |
| **log.rotation\_min** | int | Log files rotation minutes. If **log.path** is configured. | - |
| **api\_keys\_reload\_sec** | int | If an URL is set in **api_keys** section, authorization will be reloaded every **api\_keys\_reload\_sec** seconds. see [Authorization](/docs/configuration/authorization#http-url) page. | `1` |
| **destinations\_reload\_sec** | int | If an URL is set in **destinations** section, destinations will be reloaded every **destinations\_reload\_sec** seconds. see [Destinations](/docs/configuration/destinations-configuration). | `1` |
| **sources\_reload\_sec** | int | If an URL is set in **sources** section, sources will be reloaded every **sources\_reload\_sec** seconds. see [Sources](/docs/sources-configuration). | `1` |
| **admin\_token** | string | see [Admin Endpoints](/docs/other-features/admin-endpoints) page. | - |
| **metrics.prometheus.enabled** | boolean | see [Application Metrics](/docs/other-features/application-metrics) page. | `false` |
| **telemetry.disabled.usage** | boolean | Flag for disabling telemetry. **Jitsu** collects usage metrics about how you use it and how it is working. **We don't collect any customer data**. | `false` |
| **metrics.relay.disabled** | boolean | Disables extended telemetry metrics collection. | `false` |
| **metrics.relay.deployment_id** | string | Allows to provide deployment ID for extended telemetry collection. | Cluster ID |
| **disable\_version\_reminder** | boolean | Flag for disabling log reminder banner about new **Jitsu** versions availability. | `false` |
| **sync_tasks.store_logs.last_runs** | int | Logs for how many task runs must be kept in meta storage. Controlled on Source's collection level. When number of task runs for Source collection exceed provided value – old records get removed from meta storage. | `-1` unlimited number of logs |
| **event_enrichment.http_context** | boolean | Whether the server should enrich incoming HTTP events with HTTP context (headers, etc.). Please note that when upgrading from Jitsu 1.41.6 you can switch this setting to `true` only separately from the upgrade itself, otherwise event data may get corrupted. | `false` |

### Log

**Jitsu Server** supports destinations in streaming and batch modes. In the case of batch mode, all events are stored in JSON log files locally to **path** directory, and every **rotation\_min** minutes they are processed and pushed to destinations.
All fields from **log** section are optional:

| Field | Type | Description | Default value |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **path** | string | Events log files path. | `/home/eventnative/data/logs/events` |
| **rotation\_min** | int | Log files rotation minutes. | `5` |
| **show\_in\_server** | boolean | Flag for debugging. If true - all events JSON data is written in app logs. | `false` |
